# 2508 Printed Circuit Board   
### 时间限制： 1 s&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;空间限制： 32000 KB&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;题目等级： 大师  
## 题目描述：  

<pre>
According to Wikipedia, a printed circuit board, or PCB, is used to mechanically support and electrically   
connect electronic components using conductive pathways etched from copper sheets laminated onto a non-  
conductive substrate. Your company wants to produce a new electronic device that will be manufactured   
using a PCB. The design of the required PCB is partially ready, and has the shape of a closed polygon. It   
consists of N nodes numbered from 1 to N. Node u and node u+1 are connected by a straight line wire   
segment and node N is connected to node 1 by a straight line wire segment. Wire segments are non-crossing,   
that is for any pair of wire segments if they share a common point then this point must be an endpoint of   
both segments, and each node is the endpoint of exactly two segments. The location of each node is given by   
x- and y-coordinates, and the origin (0,0) is the lower left corner of the board.
Task   
You are to write a program that computes all nodes of the circuit that can be connected to the origin by a   
straight line wire segment that has no common point with the polygon other than the node itself.
</pre>
  
  
## 输入描述：  

<pre>
The first line of the input contains one integer, N (1 ≤ N ≤ 100 000) the number of nodes of the circuit.  
Each of the next N lines contain two integers, x, y (0 < x, y ≤ 1 000 000) the x- and y-coordinates of a node.  
Nodes are numbered from 1 to N, the input line i+1 contains the coordinates of node i.
</pre>
  
  
## 输出描述：  

<pre>
The first line of the output contains one integer M, the number of nodes that can be connected to the origin by a straight line wire segment so that this point is the only common point with any wire segment of the circuit. The second line contains these nodes separated by space in increasing order.
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输入：  

<pre>
11  
7 6  
4 4  
3 2  
1 3  
9 9  
13 4  
8 1  
6 4  
9 5  
8 3  
11 5
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输出：  

<pre>
3  
3 4 7
</pre>
  
  
## 数据范围及提示：  

<pre>
In 10% of the test cases N does not exceed 1000.  
If only the first line of the output is correct then 40% of the points are awarded.
</pre>
  
  
***  

##### AC: 0  
##### WA: 6  
##### TLE: 0  
##### MLE: 0  
##### RE: 1  
