# 2509 Sailing Race   
### 时间限制： 3 s     空间限制： 32000 KB     题目等级： 大师  
## 题目描述：  

<pre>
The annual sailing race is organized on a round shape lake. There are N harbors, numbered from 1 to N   
around the lake counterclockwise. The race consists of several stages, where each stage runs on a straight   
line from one harbor to another, and the race track can only meet a harbor at most once. The organizers want   
to create a race track that contains the highest possible number of stages. They must keep in mind that a   
sailboat at a given harbor may only go to some specific harbors on a direct route. Fortunately, for each   
harbor A they have the list of direct destinations from A, i.e. a list of other harbors to which a sailboat can go   
on a straight line from A. Generally, the race track consists of non-intersecting stages, to avoid the collision   
of sailboats. This year, however, a new technology is available, with which one crossing may be allowed if it   
lies on the first stage. So if the race track starts at harbor S and the next harbor in the track is T then at most   
one stage can cross the first stage S-T. The organizers may decide to allow a crossing like this, or rather   
choose the classical design with non-intersecting stages.
Task   
You are to write a program that computes a race track of the given type containing the highest possible   
number of stages.
</pre>
  
  
## 输入描述：  

<pre>
The first line of the input contains two integers, the first number N (1 ≤ N ≤ 500) is the number of harbors   
and the second number k is the type of the required race track. If k is 0 then a classical track (without   
crossings) is required, while if k is 1 then the track may contain at most one crossing, as specified above.   
The next N lines contain the list of direct destinations from the harbors. The (i+1)th line contains the list for   
harbor i, a space-separated list of integers, terminated by 0.
</pre>
  
  
## 输出描述：  

<pre>
The first line of the output contains one integer M, the maximal number of stages that a race track of the given type can contain. The second line contains the identifier number of the starting harbor of one such race track. If there are multiple solutions, your program should output only one; it does not matter which one.
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输入：  

<pre><code>
7 1   
5 0   
5 0   
7 0   
3 0   
4 0   
4 3 0   
2 1 0
</code></pre>
  
  
## 输出输出：  

<pre><code>
5   
2
</code></pre>
  
  
## 数据范围及提示：  

<pre>
In 40% of the test cases k=0. In 50% of the test cases N is at most 100.   
No partial score is awarded for a correct first line.
</pre>
  
  
***  

##### AC: 5  
##### WA: 0  
##### TLE: 1  
##### MLE: 0  
##### RE: 0  
