# 2511 Network   
### 时间限制： 1 s&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;空间限制： 32000 KB&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;题目等级： 大师  
## 题目描述：  

<pre>
Our engineers have designed a communication network that consists of nodes and unidirectional direct   
communication channels (links) between some pairs of nodes. We say that a node q is reachable from node p on a   
path, if there is a sequence of different nodes p1,p2,…,pk with p=p1 and q=pk, such that there is a link that transmits   
data from pi to pi+1 for every i=1,…,k-1. This network has a central node r, such that any other node p can be reached   
from r via a path, and for any pair of nodes p and q there is at most one path on which q can be reached from p. The   
maintainers plan to improve on the network, but have not yet decided how. One idea they are considering is to   
reassign the central node, therefore they want to know for each node how many nodes are reachable from it on a path.   
Another idea is to just decentralize the network, so they also want to know how they could introduce new links so that   
for any pair of nodes p and q, there is exactly one path on which the node q can be reached from p, and vice versa.
Task   
You are to write a program that computes the number of reachable nodes for every node (Subtask A), and also   
computes the minimum number of new links needed to make every node reachable in a unique way from every other   
node. Your program must give the list of new links, too (Subtask B).
</pre>
  
  
## 输入描述：  

<pre>
The first line of the input contains three integers, N (1 ≤ N ≤ 100 000) the number of nodes, M (1 ≤ M ≤ 500 000)  
the number of links, and r (1 ≤ r ≤ N) the central node. Nodes are numbered from 1 to N. The next M lines contain the  
description of the links. Each line contains two integers p and q separated by space, that corresponds to a link, which  
can transmit data from p to q.
</pre>
  
  
## 输出描述：  

<pre>
The first line of the output contains the solution to Subtask A: N integers separated by space, where the ith number is the number of reachable nodes from node i (including i itself). The remaining lines contain the solution for Subtask B: The second line of the output contains one integer K, the minimum number of new links needed to achieve the above property of the network. The next K lines list the new links: each of lines contains two integers u and v separated by space, that corresponds to a new link transmitting data from node u to node v. If there are multiple solutions, your program should output only one; it does not matter which one.
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输入：  

<pre>
11 12 3
3 2 
2 1   
2 4   
4 5   
4 6   
6 2   
6 7   
3 8   
8 9   
9 10   
9 11   
10 8
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输出：  

<pre>
1 6 11 6 1 6 1 4 4 4 1  
5   
1 3   
5 4   
7 6   
11 9   
8 3
</pre>
  
  
## 数据范围及提示：  

<pre>
In 50% of the test cases N is at most 10 000.   
Subtask A is worth 40% of the points, Subtask B is worth the other 60% of the points.   
If you only solve Subtask B, you must write N integers in the first line.
</pre>
  
  
***  

##### AC: 0  
##### WA: 5  
##### TLE: 0  
##### MLE: 0  
##### RE: 0  
