# 2527 Balloons   
### 时间限制： 2 s&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;空间限制： 64000 KB&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;题目等级： 大师  
## 题目描述：  

<pre>
The organizers of CEOI 2011 are planning to hold a party with lots of balloons. There will be n balloons, all  
sphere-shaped and lying in a line on the ﬂoor.  
The balloons are yet to be inﬂated, and each of them initially has zero radius. Additionally, the i-th balloon  
is permanently attached to the ﬂoor at coordinate xi. They are going to be inﬂated sequentially, from left to  
right. When a balloon is inﬂated, its radius is increased continuously until it reaches the upper bound for the  
balloon, ri, or the balloon touches one of the previously inﬂated balloons.
The organizers would like to estimate how much air will be needed to inﬂate all the balloons. You are to  
ﬁnd the ﬁnal radius for each balloon.
</pre>
  
  
## 输入描述：  

<pre>
The ﬁrst line of the standard input contains one integer n (1 ¬ n ¬ 200 000) — the number of balloons.  
The next n lines describe the balloons. The i-th of these lines contains two integers xi and ri (0 ¬ xi ¬ 109,  
1 ¬ ri ¬ 109). You may assume that the balloons are given in a strictly increasing order of the x coordinate.  
In test data worth 40 points an additional inequality n ¬ 2 000 holds.
</pre>
  
  
## 输出描述：  

<pre>
Your program should output exactly n lines, with the i-th line containing exactly one number — the radiusof the i-th balloon after inﬂating. Your answer will be accepted if it diﬀers from the correct one by no morethan 0.001 for each number in the output.
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输入：  

<pre>
3  
0 9  
8 1  
13 7
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输出：  

<pre>
9.000  
1.000  
4.694
</pre>
  
  
## 数据范围及提示：  

<pre>
In test data worth 40 points an additional inequality n ¬ 2 000 holds.
</pre>
  
  
***  

##### AC: 1  
##### WA: 21  
##### TLE: 0  
##### MLE: 0  
##### RE: 1  
