# 2528 Hotel   
### 时间限制： 2 s&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;空间限制： 64000 KB&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;题目等级： 大师  
## 题目描述：  

<pre>
Your friend owns a hotel at the seaside in Gdynia. The summer season is just starting and he is overwhelmed  
by the number of oﬀers from potential customers. He asked you for help in preparing a reservation system for  
the hotel.  
There are n rooms for rent in the hotel, the i-th room costs your friend ci zlotys of upkeep (only if it is  
rented) and has a capacity of pi people. You may assume that the upkeep of a room is never cheaper than the  
upkeep of any smaller room, that is, of any room which can hold a smaller number of people.  
The reservation system will be receiving multiple oﬀers, each of them specifying the amount of zlotys for  
rental of any room (vj) for one particular day and the minimal capacity of the requested room (dj). For each  
oﬀer, only a single room can be rented. And conversely: each room can accommodate only a single oﬀer. Your  
friend has decided not to accept more than o oﬀers.  
Knowing you are a skilled programmer, your friend asked you to implement the part of the system which  
ﬁnds the maximum proﬁt (total income from renting out rooms minus their upkeep) he can make by accepting  
some of the oﬀers.
</pre>
  
  
## 输入描述：  

<pre>
The ﬁrst line of the standard input contains three integers n, m, and o (1 ¬ n,m ¬ 500 000, 1 ¬ o ¬ min(m, n)),  
denoting the number of rooms in the hotel, the number of oﬀers received and the maximum number of oﬀers  
your friend is willing to accept. The next n lines describe the rooms, with the i-th of these lines containing two  
integers ci, pi representing the upkeep of the room in zlotys and the capacity of the room (1 ¬ ci, pi ¬ 109).  
The next m lines describe the oﬀers, with the j-th of these lines containing two integers vj , dj representing  
the oﬀered rental price in zlotys and the minimal capacity of the requested room (1 ¬ vj , dj ¬ 109).  
You may assume that in test cases worth 40 points in total an additional inequality n,m ¬ 100 holds.
</pre>
  
  
## 输出描述：  

<pre>
The ﬁrst and only line of the standard output should contain one integer equal to the maximum proﬁt yourfriend can achieve accepting at most o of the oﬀers. Note that the proﬁt might get big.
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输入：  

<pre>
3 2 2  
150 2  
400 3  
100 2  
200 1  
700 3
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输出：  

<pre>
400
</pre>
  
  
## 数据范围及提示：  

<pre>
1 ¬ n,m ¬ 500 000
</pre>
  
  
***  

##### AC: 10  
##### WA: 0  
##### TLE: 0  
##### MLE: 0  
##### RE: 0  
