# 2529 Matching   
### 时间限制： 2 s     空间限制： 64000 KB     题目等级： 大师  
## 题目描述：  

<pre>
As a part of a new advertising campaign, a big company in Gdynia wants to put its logo somewhere in the  
city. The company is going to spend the whole advertising budget for this year on the logo, so it has to be  
really huge. One of the managers decided to use whole buildings as parts of the logo.  
The logo consists of n vertical stripes of diﬀerent heights. The stripes are numbered from 1 to n from left  
to right. The logo is described by a permutation (s1, s2, . . . , sn) of numbers 1, 2, . . . , n. The stripe number s1  
is the shortest one, the stripe number s2 is the second shortest etc., ﬁnally the stripe sn is the tallest one. The  
actual heights of the stripes do not really matter.  
There are m buildings along the main street in Gdynia. To your surprise, the heights of the buildings are  
distinct. The problem is to ﬁnd all positions where the logo matches the buildings.  
Help the company and ﬁnd all contiguous parts of the sequence of buildings which match the logo. A  
contiguous sequence of buildings matches the logo if the building number s1 within this sequence is the  
shortest one, the building number s2 is the second shortest, etc. For example a sequence of buildings of heights  
5, 10, 4 matches a logo described by a permutation (3, 1, 2), since the building number 3 (of height 4) is the  
shortest one, the building number 1 is the second shortest and the building number 2 is the tallest.
</pre>
  
  
## 输入描述：  

<pre>
The ﬁrst line of the standard input contains two integers n and m (2 ¬ n ¬ m ¬ 1 000 000). The second line  
contains n integers si, forming a permutation of the numbers 1, 2, . . . , n. That is, 1 ¬ si ¬ n and si = sj for  
i = j. The third line contains m integers hi — the heights of the buildings (1 ¬ hi ¬ 109 for 1 ¬ i ¬ m). All  
the numbers hi are diﬀerent. In each line the integers are separated by single spaces.  
Additionally, in test cases worth at least 35 points, n ¬ 5 000 and m ¬ 20 000, whereas in test cases worth  
at least 60 points, n ¬ 50 000 and m ¬ 200 000.
</pre>
  
  
## 输出描述：  

<pre>
The ﬁrst line of the standard output should contain an integer k, the number of matches. The second lineshould contain k integers — 1-based indices of buildings which correspond to the stripe number 1 from thelogo in a proper match. The numbers should be listed in an increasing order and separated by single spaces.If k = 0, your program should print an empty second line.
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输入：  

<pre><code>
5 10  
2 1 5 3 4  
5 6 3 8 12 7 1 10 11 9
</code></pre>
  
  
## 输出输出：  

<pre><code>
2  
2 6
</code></pre>
  
  
## 数据范围及提示：  

<pre>
2 ¬ n ¬ m ¬ 1 000 000
</pre>
  
  
***  

##### AC: 15  
##### WA: 2  
##### TLE: 16  
##### MLE: 0  
##### RE: 0  
