# 2530 Teams   
### 时间限制： 2 s&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;空间限制： 256000 KB&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;题目等级： 大师  
## 题目描述：  

<pre>
A Sports Day is being held in a primary school in Gdynia. The most important part of the event is the Annual  
Football Cup.  
Several children gathered at the football pitch, where teams were to be formed. As everyone wanted to  
belong to the best team, the players could not reach an agreement. Some of them threatened not to play,  
others started to cry and now nobody is sure if the tournament will take place at all.  
Byteman, a sports teacher, is in charge of organizing the tournament. He decided to split the children into  
teams himself, so that no player would be unhappy with her team. The i-th of the n children on the pitch  
(numbered 1 through n) said that she will be unhappy with her team if the team consists of less than ai  
players.  
Apart from satisfying the children’s requirements, Byteman would like to maximize the total number of  
teams. If there are still many possibilities, he requests the size of the largest team to be as small as possible.  
As it turned out to be quite a diﬃcult task, Byteman asked you for help.
</pre>
  
  
## 输入描述：  

<pre>
In the ﬁrst line of the standard input there is one integer n (1 ¬ n ¬ 1 000 000). Then, n lines follow. The i-th  
of these lines contains a single integer ai (1 ¬ ai ¬ n) that denotes the minimum team size that satisﬁes the  
child number i.  
Additionally, in test cases worth at least 50 points, n will not exceed 5 000.
</pre>
  
  
## 输出描述：  

<pre>
In the ﬁrst line of the standard output your program should write a single integer t equal to the maximumpossible number of teams. Then, t lines containing a description of the teams should follow. The i-th of theselines should contain an integer si (1 ¬ si ¬ n) denoting the size of the i-th team, and then si integersk1, k2, . . . , ksi (1 ¬ kj ¬ n for j = 1, 2, . . . , si), denoting the numbers of children belonging to the team i. Ifthere are many possible answers, you can output any of the solutions which minimize the size of the largestteam (among all the solutions consisting of exactly t teams).
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输入：  

<pre>
5  
2  
1  
2  
2  
3
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输出：  

<pre>
2  
2 4 2  
3 5 1 3
</pre>
  
  
## 数据范围及提示：  

<pre>
1 ¬ n ¬ 1 000 000
</pre>
  
  
***  

##### AC: 0  
##### WA: 3  
##### TLE: 0  
##### MLE: 0  
##### RE: 0  
