# 3482 Up the Ante   
### 时间限制： 1 s&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;空间限制： 64000 KB&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;题目等级： 黄金  
## 题目描述：  

<pre>
Every summer, Stan and Ollie attend the Ex together. Stan likes to play 
Crown & Anchor, a gambling game in which one bets on one of: Crown, 
Anchor, Club, Diamond, Heart, Spade. A wheel is spun and stops in a 
position marked by three of the above symbols (not necessarily 
distinct). If Stan has bet on one of the three symbols indicated, he 
receives his bet back plus n times his bet, where n is the number of 
times that his symbol appears.   
Every year, Stan loses money and 
Ollie ridicules him for it. This year, Stan has made a side bet with 
Ollie: that he can make money playing Crown & Anchor. Ollie is not 
stupid and realizes that Stan might be lucky and win the first few 
rounds, so he insists that, to win the bet, Stan must be ahead after at 
least k rounds. Also, so that the issue may be resolved before the Ex 
closes, to win Stan must show a profit within at most m rounds.   
  
Stan
 has a trick up his sleeve. He has recently learned of the Monte Carlo 
strategy for betting. The idea is that he first places the minimum bet. 
If he wins, he collects his winnings and once again places the minimum 
bet. If he loses, he doubles his bet so that if he wins the next round, 
he will win enough to recoup his previous losses and make a profit. This
 doubling continues until he wins. Whenever he wins, he pockets the 
profit and starts over with the minimum bet.   
  
Stan thinks this is
 a great strategy but the establishment thought of it first and 
implemented a house limit - the maximum bet that Stan can place in any 
given round. (Even without a house limit there's a de facto Stan limit -
 the amount of money he has with him. But we'll assume he has enough 
money that this limit isn't an issue.) Stan modifies his strategy so 
that if doubling his bet would exceed the house limit, he starts over at
 the minimum bet, hoping to recover his loss.   
  
Stan wins the bet 
if, following this strategy, his net winnings are positive at any time 
after playing k and before playing the m+1st round. What's the 
probability that Stan will win the bet?
</pre>
  
  
## 输入描述：  

<pre>
The first line of input contains n, the number of test cases. Each test 
case is represented by a line containing integers k, m, and l, the 
minimum number of rounds, the maximum number of rounds, and the house 
limit. 0 < k < m ≤ 30; 2 ≤ l ≤ 1000. The minimum bet is 1.
</pre>
  
  
## 输出描述：  

<pre>
For each test case, print the probability that Stan will win the bet, rounded to 4 decimal places.The
 design of the wheel can be seen in the illustration. It has 28 possible
 stopping positions, only 14 different combinations of symbols, each of 
which appears twice. The 14 combinations include: 6 that contain three 
identical symbols; 6 that contain two identical symbols, and 2 that 
contain three distinct symbols. The patterns are designed so that each 
symbol appears once, twice, and three times in an equal number of wheel 
positions.
</pre>
  
  
## 样例输入：  

<pre>
   1
3 4 10  

</pre>
  
  
## 样例输出：  

<pre>
   0.5835  

</pre>
  
  
## 数据范围及提示：  

<pre>
0 < k < m ≤ 30; 2 ≤ l ≤ 1000
</pre>
  
  
***  

##### AC: 0  
##### WA: 0  
##### TLE: 0  
##### MLE: 0  
##### RE: 0  
